PART 3

    Lady Erin loomed over them like a pale wraith of doom, and Meari turned her head to find 
Lord Narogrin waiting expectantly. Hurriedly she kissed both her brothers on the forehead, and 
walked over to where the Dwarf was standing. He grinned what was supposed to be a winning grin, 
but Meari did not find it half so appealing as he was hoping she would. 
    The carriage was waiting for them. Meari went in first, and Narogrin followed. She started waving 
at Raran and Tamar, and continued to wave until they turned a corner, and they were out of sight. 
                                                                                 
    Meari sat back in her seat, fervently wiping away her tears. 
    'Here,' said Narogrin, offering her a silk handkerchief. 
    She took it gingerly, and wiped her eyes. 
    'Thank you,' she said, and made to return it to him but he waved his hand dismissively. 
    'You keep it,' he said. 'Consider it an act of goodwill.' 
    The carriage rumbled through the streets of Cador Urome. Meari could hear the bright 
chitter-chatter outside, and wondered if it would be worth it if she leapt out of the carriage 
and ran back to the orphanage. But no, it would be futile. Lord Narogrin would pursue her, and 
at any rate Lady Erin would send her right back. 
    'What do you do in Solorthene?' she ventured. 
    'I work in the castle,' said Narogrin, pleased at her sudden curiosity. 'I'm the King's 
chief astronomer.'
    'You're a Dwarf!' she exclaimed, before realizing what she had said. 'I'm sorry, it's just 
that Dwarves aren't supposed to be astronomers.'
    Narogrin smiled. 
    'It's not the traditional route, no,' he said, 'but I love the stars, and have made a name for 
myself since leaving home. King Samaran is a noble king, and was kind enough to let me be an apprentice 
to his chief astronomer when I started--Master Yarrow died a year ago, and I was promoted.'
    Meari processed this. 
    'Why did you adopt me?' she asked.



||>>    To unlock more of the story, win the rest of the games with the fewest number of clicks you can!
            The required quantity for each game is printed on the win screen.    <<||